Rosetta, what's your most memorable trip?
huh
Mm
huh ha
mm
Mmm mm
mmmm
ahaan
ha ha
huh ha
uh huh
Uh huh. haaa
huh uh
huh haa
ha
uh huh uh huh
huh uh yeah yeah
yeah
ha ha
haaaa oh
Oh wow!
uh huh ohhh
uh huh ha ha ha
Aww.
aww aww Different, different, totally different country.
now yeah ha ha ha
yeah i love, maybe
um  first trip i think i would change japan
Because I would kind of know how things go.
completely new so I was wearing Japan wearing Japan
But then I think it would be like Kanagawa.
Because I would know the way around the most. Yeah.
Anywhere? I think I want to go to New Zealand.
yeah haaa
I don't think so. Wait, that's so..it so cool yeah
uh huh
ohh
i think (***
oh
umm
Hobbit huh
oh
really?
okay
it's like hobbit holes?
ha ha ha Just one? Just one?
oh (***) day oh  i guess
ha ha But it looks like the  awww
That's cool.
ohhh
Yeah, just a tour. I think that I would be happy with that.
Oh, that's true. I think it would be like... How tall is...
Hobbit? They're three foot something.
yeah
So we'll all meet you.
No, he's not.
Hobbit's point of view.
oh but then yeah probably compared to the other like humans
He's probably like around the seam or a little shorter.
Come to think of it, I don't know.
But he's probably not the tallest person among the humans.
He just wears the hat a lot.
Elf is taller maybe. Yeah. yeah
Jameica!  huh haa
haaa
I love the reggae (***)
ha ha ha
(***) let's (***)
Next, next one.